= .irbrc

This is my .irbrc configuration file

== Where to place it?
	
Place it in your home directory (~/.irbrc)
or you can symlink it from other folder like this:
	
	$ cd ~ (or 'cd')
	$ ln -s folder/where/you/cloned/this/repo/irbrc/dot_irbrc .irbrc

== Contents

=== Loaded libraries

* rubygems (http://www.rubygems.com)
* Wirble (http://pablotron.org/software/wirble/)
* pp (http://www.ensta.fr/~diam/ruby/online/ruby-doc-stdlib/libdoc/pp/rdoc/index.html)
* irb/ext/save-history (http://ruby-doc.org/core/files/lib/irb/ext/save-history_rb.html)

=== History

You'd need to create a file called .irb-save-history in your home directory for this to work

=== Prompt

I use a simple prompt for the IRb sessions

	IRB.conf[:PROMPT_MODE] = :SIMPLE
	
And a customized one for Rails sessions
	
	IRB.conf[:PROMPT][:RAILS] = {}
	
=== ActiveRecord log
	
This will print the log in the console.

	IRB.conf[:IRB_RC] = Proc.new do
    	logger = Logger.new(STDOUT)
		ActiveRecord::Base.logger = logger
		...
	
=== Helper methods

clear 	- clear the screen
ri		- it's a wrapper to the ri command-line ruby documentation utility

=== Core Extensions

Object
	local_methods	- shows the methods of an object getting rid of the Object.instance_methods
	eigenclass	- please read about meta-programming in Ruby
	to_pboard	- "some text".to_pboard copies "some text" to the Mac OS's default pasteboard (alias 'to_pb')
	paste		- it pastes the content of the Mac OS's default pasteboard

Class
	class_methods
	defined_methods	- returns a hash with two keys :instance (instance methods) and :class (class methods)
	metaclass	- returns the eigenclass

=== Aliases
	q  => exit
	cl => clear (helper method)
	
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Rafael Magaña. See LICENSE for details.
